(upbeat music)
(narrator speaking in foreign language)
♪ I could never keep a beat ♪
♪ Too busy in my paradise ♪
♪ Put a crocodile in high office ♪
♪ And something out of place inside ♪
♪ When all is said and all is done ♪
♪ My hands that work
with a fire and steel ♪
♪ Fashion, play your part ♪
♪ To be workers of red ♪
♪ To be workers ♪
(upbeat music)
♪ While all the time you dance around ♪
♪ And things get fucked
and were to blame ♪
♪ And I couldn't think political blue ♪
♪ When all is said and all is done ♪
♪ My hands that work
with a fire and steel ♪
♪ Fashion, play your part ♪
♪ To be workers of red, red ♪
♪ To be workers ♪
(upbeat music)
♪ When all is said and all is done ♪
♪ My hands that work
with a fire and steel ♪
♪ And motionless well slip away ♪
♪ Images are my thoughts too real ♪
♪ Fashion, play your part ♪
♪ To be workers of red, red ♪
♪ To be workers ♪
♪ Fashion, play your part ♪
♪ To be workers of red, red ♪
♪ To be workers ♪
♪ Fashion, play your part ♪
♪ To be workers of red, red ♪
♪ To be workers ♪